at the educational Bookshop customers
are welcome to read and encouraged to
learn about a people's history unfolding
before them one chapter at a time the
mission uh has been and is to continue
to promote Palestinian literature
Palestinian writers highlight and shed
the light on the Palestinian uh issue on
the Palestinian story at this
familyowned and run Institution that's
done through thousands of volumes
encompassing History Literature food and
so much
more Ahmed Muna Minds the store chatting
with regulars just like his grandfather
did just like his father and Uncle still
do in the cafe upstairs some patrons
study and others merely skim how if you
like books how cannot you not love this
place it's a beautiful place the way
that the books are organized the the way
that they showcase all of these
beautiful resources so you feel that
it's not just a commercial place it's a
place with a mission a mission that
since October 7th has expanded it's very
important to highlight the books on Gaza
because actually you want to tell the
true story and to uh in a way uh counter
the misinformation uh that is easily
spread opened in 2009 the shop was the
first of its kind in occupied East
Jerusalem to amplify pales voices
through only English language books the
store also works closely with authors
around the world their latest books are
showcased and previous titles are
recommended it's one more way the Muna
family reinforces Palestinian cultural
identity behind the counter with Ahmed
today wife no and 5-month-old Son Imad
for whom Ahmed hopes to impart his
family's sense of purpose we as
Palestinians we as jerusalemites we as
owners of this business we here to stay
we love what we do we love selling books
we love telling our story a powerful
tale long in the making one that will
continue to resonate Muhammad jum Al
jaaz occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer